GWEN IFILL: Good evening, and
welcome to this
special "PBS NewsHour" coverage
of the New
Hampshire primary.
I'm Gwen Ifill.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And I'm Judy
Woodruff.
They finished second in Iowa,
but, tonight,
Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump
have claimed
victory in New Hampshire.
Democrat Sanders
scored a resounding win over
Hillary Clinton.
It guarantees him a majority of
the 24 delegates
at stake. And Republican Trump
won big in
a crowded field, with John
Kasich finishing
second. Trump will take at least
nine of that
state's 23 GOP delegates.
In the battle for third place on
the Republican
side, Ted Cruz, Jeb Bush and
Marco Rubio continued
in a tight race late into the
night.
As results came into focus, the
candidates
came out to claim victory and
offer concessions.
GWEN IFILL: Donald Trump was
triumphant as
he appeared before a crowd of
supporters in
Manchester.
DONALD TRUMP (R), Presidential
Candidate:
We want to thank the people of
New Hampshire,
right?
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
DONALD TRUMP: Do we love the
people of New
Hampshire?
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
DONALD TRUMP: You know, I said
it. And I said
it even a year ago. I think, I'm
going to
do really well there, because
I'm here a lot.
And it's so beautiful. And I
love it so much.
And I love the people.
And I said I actually think they
like me a
lot. And then, all of a sudden,
we started
getting numbers in. And everyone
said, how
come they like Trump so much?
But I have so
many friends up here. And they
are special,
special people.
So, New Hampshire, I want to
thank you. We
love you.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
DONALD TRUMP: We're going to be
back a lot.
We're not going to forget you.
You started
it. Remember, you started it.
GWEN IFILL: Meanwhile, Bernie
Sanders revved
up a jubilant crowd of his
supporters in Concord.
SEN. BERNIE SANDERS (VT-I),
Presidential Candidate:
And let me take this opportunity
to thank
the many, many thousands of
volunteers here
in the Granite State who worked
so tirelessly.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
SEN. BERNIE SANDERS: Our
volunteers worked
night and day, made phone calls,
and knocked
on a heck of a lot of doors.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
SEN. BERNIE SANDERS: And we won
because of
your energy. Thank you all so
much.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
SEN. BERNIE SANDERS: I want to
thank Julia
Barnes and our great campaign
staff.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
SEN. BERNIE SANDERS: Together,
we have sent
a message that will echo from
Wall Street
to Washington, from Maine to
California.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
SEN. BERNIE SANDERS: And that is
that the
government of our great country
belongs to
all of the people, and not just
a handful
of wealthy campaign contributors
and their
super PACs.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
GWEN IFILL: And now we go to our
political
director, Lisa Desjardins, who
is reporting
for us tonight in Manchester,
New Hampshire.
Lisa, you have had your ear to
the ground,
talking to voters, talking to
candidates.
What have you learned in the
past several
days while you have been in New
Hampshire
that explains what we saw happen
tonight?
LISA DESJARDINS: Dramatic
results for those
of us watching, I think, from
outside of New
Hampshire, maybe not as
dramatic, Gwen, for
voters here.
Going to the polls this morning,
the names
I heard from voters were the
same names that
are doing well tonight.
Let's start with Donald Trump.
Voters who
told me that they were
supporting Donald Trump
told me that they were doing it
despite fact
that they think he might be
someone who is
offensive. They think that this
country needs
someone who is going to be a
strong leader
and who -- maybe who will offend
people, especially
offend, in their words,
America's enemies.
I think the strong leader label
also might
apply in way to Bernie Sanders.
When I talked
to Democrats who voted for
Bernie Sanders
today -- and there were many,
many of them,
as the results are showing --
they said they
like that he has been genuine
and he has pushed
for his ideas, even when they
were remarkably
unpopular, to today, when
they're gaining
traction.
They see that a kind of
strength. Those voters
who chose not to go for Hillary
Clinton said
they felt that she is someone
who is trying
too hard to say what the people
want to hear,
vs. strong leader type is what
they see in
Bernie Sanders.
Not to oversimplify things, but
I think that
was a very real theme for voters
here in New
Hampshire today.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, Lisa, were
you able to
tell what it is that people want
the strong
leader to do? What is the source
of the unhappiness,
the frustration, the anger? Were
you able
to figure -- pick that up from
people?
LISA DESJARDINS: Yes, it is
absolutely the
economy, Judy and Gwen.
Here in New Hampshire, incomes
are far above
average in the -- of the
country, unemployment
levels are low, but yet many
voters here don't
feel like things are getting
better. And even
more so, they are worried about
their children's
future. They're worried about
student loan
debt, which is very high in this
state.
And they don't see anything
changing to help
that situation. They think new
ideas are the
only way for things to go -- get
on a better
course for them. And they say
they weren't
hearing new ideas from other
candidates.
Now, all of this said, it should
be remarked
that John Kasich also had a big
night. He
won, I think, with voters who
are looking
for a more stable, proven
leader, someone
who also they related to
personally.
He went out, shook hands in this
state, sat
by firesides, quite literally.
And I think
that made a difference here for
him. I also
think it's really going to be
interesting
to watch the Marco Rubio-Jeb
Bush race with
-- for number three with Ted
Cruz.
I just came from Marco Rubio's
concession
speech. Fascinatingly enough,
right off the
top, he said: This was my fault.
It was my
poor performance in the debate
that led to
this.
And he apologized to his
followers. He said
it won't happen again. It was a
very interesting
moment for Marco Rubio, a sign
that he is
going to try and reverse course
or kind of
get back on track after New
Hampshire.
GWEN IFILL: That's what I want
to ask you
about a little bit, Lisa,
because Marco Rubio
did an unusual thing in
admitting that it
was his fault.
But we also see lot of other
candidates who
didn't necessarily benefit, like
Chris Christie,
who was a weapon against Marco
Rubio the other
night. Do we know who might go
home after
tonight?
LISA DESJARDINS: Well, we know
that Chris
Christie is taking at least a
little bit of
time off the trail to sort of
recoup and take
another look at his campaign.
There were some false reports
that he was
announcing a suspension earlier
tonight. But,
instead, what is actually
happening, we're
told, is that he is just taking
some time
to take a look. I do think he's
got he -- he's
got to really take a hard look
at what's ahead,
especially going into South
Carolina.
We haven't talked about Ben
Carson or Carly
Fiorina very much. They're at
the very bottom
of the New Hampshire pack. And I
think, as
far as staffing, money, and
momentum go, those
two candidates have to really
make some difficult
choices probably in the next few
weeks ahead.
GWEN IFILL: OK.
Well, Lisa, thank you so much
for your contributions
tonight and all week long in New
Hampshire.
LISA DESJARDINS: It's been
amazing to be here.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And now we're
joined by Amy
Walter of The Cook Political
Report.
So, Amy, you have been poring
over those exit
polls, interviews with voters as
they left
the polling places in New
Hampshire. What
are you seeing that you could
add to what
Lisa's talking -- hearing from
voters on the
ground?
AMY WALTER, The Cook Political
Report: Well,
it's very interesting, because
what we're
seeing from the exit polls, it
lines up in
some ways, the idea that Trump
is going to
be the candidate that is going
to shake things
up.
But it doesn't mean that the
majority of Republicans
in the state feel that that's
what they would
like to see going forward. In
fact, when you
asked the question if Trump won
the nomination,
would you be satisfied with him
as the nominee,
voters, Republicans voters were
evenly divided;
49 percent said, 48 percent said
no.
So, he won a -- want to give him
his due.
He won a big victory tonight,
but he's still
a very polarizing figure among
Republicans.
GWEN IFILL: So, is it fair to
say that neither
Republicans who voted
overwhelmingly for Donald
Trump tonight and -- or
Democrats who voted
overwhelmingly for Bernie
Sanders tonight
give a fig about electability?
(LAUGHTER)
AMY WALTER: It is -- that is a
heart over
the head, I think, is one theme
in this election
in New Hampshire tonight.
In fact, when I looked at what
Democrats were
saying, for those who said that
the most important
issue to them was who can win in
November
and who has the most experience,
Hillary Clinton
was winning those voters with
81, 82 percent.
But when you asked them -- or
when those voters
said it was honest -- who was
honest and trustworthy,
who they thought was the most
relatable, who
understood them, Bernie Sanders
wins by big,
big, big margins.
The problem for Hillary Clinton
is that her
message of electability, while
she's winning
it, wasn't seen as important as
sort of the
heart issues.
(CROSSTALK)
AMY WALTER: That's right. Sixty
percent of
voters wanted to see somebody
who they could
relate to and who they saw as
honest and trustworthy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, what is the
message Hillary
Clinton can take from here?
AMY WALTER: Well, that...
JUDY WOODRUFF: She told -- she
told the crowd
tonight: We're going to go vote
after vote,
state after state.
But what is the message she
carries from New
Hampshire?
AMY WALTER: Well, this is going
to be her
challenge going forward is how
she balances
that heart and that head.
We talked about this the other
night, that
the best candidates are the ones
who campaign
in poetry and then govern in
prose. She seems
stuck on prose and hasn't really
found much
poetry. So, finding a way to get
that gap
smaller.
And when she is talking about
the firewall
of these next few states that
she's going
to now after New Hampshire,
especially South
Carolina, that are more diverse
-- these are
overwhelmingly white states --
she's hoping
that her success with minority
voters will
help put her over the top in
those states.
But I don't know. But she's got
to be able
to -- now that she's lost in New
Hampshire,
does she still have that...
(CROSSTALK)
GWEN IFILL: Well, that's the
thing. Every
piece of conventional wisdom
this year has
gone out the window.
AMY WALTER: Exactly. Exactly.
GWEN IFILL: So, do firewalls
even exist anymore?
AMY WALTER: That's right.
And when you start -- when you
hear a campaign
start talking about firewalls,
then you know
have a problem, right? When the
campaign -- that
is usually -- the issue is the
message and
the messenger are usually the
bigger problem.
And Bernie Sanders, his message
is resonating.
Again, we haven't seen it
resonate outside
two small states that are pretty
homogeneous.
Let's see how it -- once we get
into states
that are a little more diverse
and bigger
if that is still going to work.
But it's clearly struck a chord.
And I think
the problems that we're seeing
for Hillary
Clinton raised in New Hampshire,
raised in
Iowa are going to continue to
dog her.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And fascinating,
the difficulty
she's had with women voters. She
made this
a central feature of her
campaign this time,
unlike in 2008. And yet Bernie
Sanders won
with women. And she had very
tough time with
women in Iowa.
AMY WALTER: He won with women
narrowly.
But here is the other takeaway.
He won among
men by over 30 points. That is
remarkable.
So, we spent a whole lot of time
talking about,
will women rally around her? We
kind of ignored
the fact that...
(CROSSTALK)
GWEN IFILL: There could be a
backlash.
AMY WALTER: That's right, or
that she's not
finding a way to connect with
men in the way
that she needs to.
GWEN IFILL: I don't want to
underplay Donald
Trump's victory tonight. He
exceeded expectations,
2-1, I think, over John Kasich,
who came in
number two.
AMY WALTER: Yes, absolutely.
GWEN IFILL: He even seemed a
little bit surprised
and muted by it tonight.
AMY WALTER: Yes.
GWEN IFILL: So, what does he do
next?
AMY WALTER: Well, he goes to
South Carolina.
And I think this gives him a
great, big boost.
He's in a great position in
South Carolina.
He was already running ahead in
that state.
And he also benefits from the
fact that that
establishment that was supposed
to coalesce
behind one candidate in New
Hampshire still
looks like a muddled mess. So,
we go into
South Carolina with a Rubio, a
Christie, a
Kasich battling for that.
Cruz, I think, will do well in
South Carolina.
And right now, that is going to
be the big
thing to look for, is Cruz vs.
Trump in South
Carolina. Do they go at it so
hard that it
allows a third candidate to come
up and win?
GWEN IFILL: Fascinating.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Fascinating, so
many questions.
Amy Walter, thank you.
AMY WALTER: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And we're going
to do some
digging now into facts and
figures that aren't
results from New Hampshire, but
let's look
anyway -- Hari Sreenivasan.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Our data team
looked at
what the numbers say about New
Hampshire going
into tonight's primary results.
How does the
Granite State compare to the
rest of the country,
and, on social media, what are
New Hampshirites
saying about this year's
presidential election?
Compared to Iowa and most of the
country,
New Hampshire is whiter and more
wealthy,
according to the Census Bureau;
94 percent
of the voting-age population is
white, vs.
66 percent of the U.S. And the
median household
income is $66,532. That's
$12,000 more than
the amount you find nationwide.
In fact, there are fewer people
in poverty
in New Hampshire as well. The
national poverty
rate is nearly 14 percent,
almost twice as
high as what's found in New
Hampshire, slightly
more than 8 percent. And they're
more politically
active. Among New Hampshire
residents age
18 or older, the census says
nearly three
out of four are registered to
vote, compared
to about two out of three
Americans.
But what's on the minds of New
Hampshire voters
as this year's election gains
momentum? Just
like in Iowa last week, Facebook
users in
this small New England state
have more to
say about Donald Trump than any
other presidential
contender, Republican or
Democrat. Next, there's
Ted Cruz, who won last week's
Iowa GOP caucus,
and then Marco Rubio and Jeb
Bush.
The presidential race's two
Democrats, Hillary
Clinton and Bernie Sanders,
follow Trump in
generating interest on Facebook
there.
Regarding issues that most
concern New Hampshire
voters, conversation on Facebook
may offer
some clues. Campaign finance is
the most important
topic among Facebook users in
New Hampshire
leading up to today's primary
vote. Next,
New Hampshirites are talking
about taxes,
the economy, Wall Street, and
same-sex marriage.
And when New Hampshirites want
to learn more
about this year's candidates,
what are they
Googling? According to the
search engine's
News Lab, interest in Rubio
peaked after his
debate performance Saturday, and
top-trending
questions among New Hampshire
residents include,
is Marco Rubio Catholic and is
Ben Carson
pro-choice?
In an effort to influence the
hearts and minds,
campaign and special interest
groups are buying
lots of ads in New Hampshire.
The Boston Globe
reported that, since December,
more ads have
aired in New Hampshire both for
and against
Jeb Bush than anyone else.
Interestingly,
Ted Cruz was featured in the
fewest ads.
Tonight's vote in New England
will show if
those ad dollars make the
difference.
GWEN IFILL: The candidates all
took turns
coming to the podium tonight,
some to claim
victory, some to concede
mistakes.
Ohio's Republican governor, John
Kasich, staked
the future of his campaign on
New Hampshire,
and his surprise second-place
finish gives
him room to move on.
He addressed his supporters a
short time ago
in Concord.
GOV. JOHN KASICH (R-OH),
Presidential Candidate:
We're all made to be part of
healing of this
world.
And if we would just slow down
and, by the
way, heal the divisions within
our own families,
be willing to listen to the
person that lives
next door, when you're in such a
hurry to
get out of the driveway or such
a hurry to
get out of the shopping center,
just slow
down. Look them in the eye. Give
them a hug.
You see, it doesn't take
government. It takes
our hearts, our hearts to change
America.
And in this campaign, I have
become convinced
even more about what it takes to
win a political
campaign and what it takes for
somebody to
be a leader. It's not just
what's up here
in the head. It's also what's
deep in here
in the heart.
And the people of New Hampshire
have taught
me a lesson. And from this day
forward, I'm
going to go slower and spend my
time listening
and healing and helping and
bringing people
together to fix our great
country.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Over on the
Democratic side,
Hillary Clinton's second-place
victory didn't
drive as much enthusiasm, but
she vowed to
supporters in Hooksett it is a
long road to
the nomination.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON (D),
Presidential Candidate:
Thank you all.
I just want to begin...
CROWD: Hillary! Hillary!
Hillary! Hillary!
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON: Thank
you all very,
very much. My goodness.
I don't know what we'd have done
tonight if
we'd actually won. This is a
pretty exciting
event.
And I'm very grateful to all of
you.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON: I want
to begin by
congratulating Senator Sanders
on his victory
tonight. And I want to thank
each and every
one of you.
And I want to say, I still love
New Hampshire.
And I always will.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON: And
here's what we're
going to do.
Now we take this campaign to the
entire country.
We're going to fight for every
vote in every
state. We're going to fight for
real solutions
that make a real difference in
people's lives.
GWEN IFILL: And now to the
analysis of Shields
and Brooks. That is syndicated
columnist Mark
Shields, and New York Times
columnist David
Brooks, who tonight is in
Manchester, New
Hampshire.
Mark Shields, we just heard
Hillary Clinton
trying to put the best possible
face on what
could not have been a good
evening.
MARK SHIELDS: She did. And she
had a very
enthusiastic crowd there.
And -- but the problem is, she
got 39 percent
eight years ago and beat Barack
Obama. She
got 39 percent tonight and got
her clock cleaned
by Bernie Sanders. And this
wasn't to happen
six months ago, three months
ago. And it really
-- the coronation that we
anticipated a year
ago of the -- Bush and the
Clintons has certainly
been interrupted.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, David, from
New Hampshire,
what are the Democrats to do
with a Democratic
socialist as their
standard-bearer, at least
at this point?
DAVID BROOKS: Yes, to get under
40 percent
for Hillary Clinton, that's bad.
To lose every
single demographic except
households making
over $200,000 a year, that's
bad.
She's got to sort of retool.
And, tonight,
she adopted some of that Sanders
rhetoric.
I'm not sure she can be better
at being Bernie
Sanders than he can be.
I think she's got to go some
other way. Let's
face it. What we learned tonight
is, this
is a country with an
underwhelming economy
and a population that doesn't
believe the
political system is at all
functional, and
wants transformational change.
And if you're running for
office, you better
touch those hard, broken spots
in the American
psyche. And Sanders and Trump
are doing it.
Clinton seems pragmatic, but she
is just not
touching those spots quite as
directly and
quite as vibrantly.
GWEN IFILL: Mark, what does
going another
way mean for Hillary Clinton?
MARK SHIELDS: Well, I think
David is right.
You can't run against Bernie
Sanders as you're
going be tougher on Wall Street
or you're
going to be tougher on economic
interests.
You have got to draw
differences.
What strikes me, Gwen, more than
anything
else is the similarity of the
victories between
Trump and Bernie Sanders
tonight. Both of
them ran as outsiders, critical
of the establishment,
against the conventional wisdom
of a country
that trade pacts and treaties
are good. They're
both against them.
They both emphasize their
opposition to the
U.S. invasion and occupation of
Iraq. They
both are against money
traditionally raised
in politics and its sources. And
both are
critical of Wall Street,
obviously Bernie
Sanders a lot more so.
This is really an electorate
that is so dissatisfied,
so alienated and so angry at the
political
system that they feel has failed
them. It's
not just Democrats or
Republicans. It's across
the board.
And I think both Trump and
Sanders were the
beneficiaries of that. And they
touched into
that. I don't know -- Hillary
Clinton's got
to make her case differently. I
don't think
it's going to involve somehow
leveling Bernie
Sanders. I mean, they tried to
do that today
by trying to associate him with
Democratic
Senatorial Campaign Committee
fund-raising,
which involved some money from
Wall Street.
You're not going to tarnish him
on that. He
is believable as the outsider
and the bomb-thrower
that he's been.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But, David, is
there some hope
for Hillary Clinton, or worry,
conversely,
for Donald Trump and Bernie
Sanders that the
territory to come is not going
to be as friendly
to them as New Hampshire and
Iowa have been?
DAVID BROOKS: Yes, we shouldn't
overestimate
any one night.
We take New Hampshire, we think
it's epic-changing.
And we take an event in Iowa, we
think it's
epic-changing. But there are
going to be a
bunch of epic-changing events
over of the
next three or four months.
And so the big challenge for
Sanders is, can
he win minority votes,
African-Americans,
Latino votes? He's getting
crushed right now.
Can he take some of this
momentum and at least
introduce himself to those
voters and, with
some of the his policies, the
minimum wage
at $15 or something like that,
can he win
chunk of those voters over?
That's the big
question on the Democratic side.
GWEN IFILL: Let me ask you both
about John
Kasich tonight, who came in
second on the
Republican side.
Part of the case he made in his
-- David,
he made in his speech tonight
was, listen,
maybe I represent the kinder,
gentler face
of the Republican Party.
But I don't see that on either
party, that
that's what anyone is longing
for.
DAVID BROOKS: Yes, I admired it,
though. He
had to take a shot.
Listen, Kasich did super well
here, but he
has no organization in South
Carolina. He
has no money. He has no
organization anywhere
else or really a potential path
to the nomination
until maybe he gets to the
Midwestern states.
So, he had to take his shot. And
his shot
is running as anti-Trump. I
totally get the
logic. I think it's a smart
thing to do.
I happened to be at the Rubio
rally here tonight.
And he did a smart thing. He
said: This wasn't
about you people who are working
for me. This
defeat -- and it was a defeat --
was on me.
I messed up in the debate. It
will never happen
again.
He was -- and it was an
effective owning of
this defeat. And so, as this
thing goes on,
the people who react well to
success and to
failure will do well. I thought
both Kasich
and Rubio handled their own
situation quite
well. And so they took -- they
took the best
shot that's available to them.
GWEN IFILL: Mark?
MARK SHIELDS: Well, I agree.
I think Rubio manned up. I have
never seen
a candidate do that, say: It was
me, my fault,
that -- maybe I misunderstood
it, but he took
full responsibility.
And, to some degree, I think
that may be an
antidote to the narrative that
it was: I repeat
myself. Excuse me. I repeat
myself.
Repetition is the first law of
learning.
I think John Kasich has made a
strong case
for himself as a vice
presidential candidate.
I don't think he has the
resources right now
to compete with Donald Trump.
Donald Trump's victory really is
exceptional.
I mean, after Iowa, this man,
who predicated
his whole campaign on I'm a
winner, everybody
else is a loser, lost. And he
buckled. He
was unsure of himself. He was
publicly chastened.
He blamed Ted Cruz's campaign's
tactics for
his defeat.
And he nearly seemed unsure. And
he really
got his footing back. And this
is an important,
important victory. He is now the
clear and
established front-runner for the
Republican
nomination.
JUDY WOODRUFF: It was striking
tonight, David.
We heard Donald Trump say he was
going to
be the greatest president God's
ever created.
There's no shortage of
self-regard.
DAVID BROOKS: Yes, that's a real
humble brag.
(LAUGHTER)
DAVID BROOKS: Yes. No, he really
is dominant
right now. Mark's right.
I still don't think he's going
to get the
nomination. But I have trouble
seeing how
it's not going to happen. He
just is -- has
become a force of nature.
And the question for Donald
Trump is, where's
the ceiling? A, can he make
himself broadly
acceptable to all parts of the
party? And,
B, is there an alternative? Is
anybody going
to rise up and become the rival?
Will it ever be a one-on-one
race, Trump vs.
someone else? Right now, it
looks like Cruz
is the most likely of those
possible alternatives.
Among the mainstream
conservatives, maybe
there is no alternative. Maybe
there is no
viable unifying force.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, it is
fascinating. And,
boy, do we have lot to talk
about and look
at over the next days.
Mark Shields, David Brooks,
thank you both.
GWEN IFILL: And, again, we turn
the results
tonight in the year's first
presidential primary.
Democrat Bernie Sanders claimed
a big win
in New Hampshire over Hillary
Clinton, after
she had barely edged him out in
Iowa. Donald
Trump walked away with the
Republican race,
far outpacing John Kasich in
second place.
Ted Cruz, Jeb Bush and Marco
Rubio were tightly
bunched in a fight for third
place in the
GOP field. But Chris Christie
could do no
better than sixth place. He said
he's going
home to New Jersey to ponder his
future course.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And we ask you to
tune in on
Thursday, because Gwen and I
will moderate
the Democratic presidential
debate, in partnership
with Facebook. And that's from
the University
of Wisconsin-Milwaukee. That
will start Thursday
at 9:00 p.m. Eastern.
GWEN IFILL: Can't wait.
And that's all for our special
coverage of
the Iowa caucuses (sic) here on
the "PBS NewsHour."
I'm Gwen Ifill.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And I'm Judy
Woodruff.
Join us online and again right
here tomorrow
evening for more analysis on our
regular evening
newscast.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank
you, and good night.